<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
Copyright (C) 2019 David Fuchs

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>DBpedia annotator</title>
        <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
        <meta name="author" content="David Fuchs"/>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="s/annotator.css"/>
        <script src="s/annotator.js"></script>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1 class="left">DBpedia annotator</h1>
        <p class="left">This application is designed to make it easier to annotate DBpedia resources with the following FRBR categories:</p>
        <ul class="left">
            <li>Work</li>
            <li>Expression</li>
            <li>Manifestation</li>
            <li>Item</li>
        </ul>
        <p class="left">
            If you are not sure about a resource you are currently annotating,
            you can view the example annotations at any time.
        </p>
        <ul class="left">
            <li><a href="s/annotation_example_2">example 2</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="s/annotation_example_4">example 4</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="s/annotation_example_6">example 6</a> - Expression</li>
        </ul>
        <table id="data">
            <caption></caption>
            <thead><tr><th>DBpedia predicate</th><th>DBpedia object</th></tr></thead>
            <tbody></tbody>
        </table>
        <form class="right">
            <div>
                <input type="button" id="previous" value="Previous" onclick="requestData('backward')"/>
                <input type="button" id="next" value="Next" onclick="requestData('forward')"/>
                <input type="button" id="submit" value="Submit" onclick="submitData()"/>
            </div>
            <div id="radio_buttons">
            <div>
                <input type="radio" id="Work" name="frbr_type" value="http://vocab.org/frbr/core.html#term-Work"/>
                <label id="Work_label" for="Work">Instances categorized as belonging to the FRBR class <strong>Work</strong> are concepts
                    identified in artistic and intellectual expressions. The substance of a work is an idea.<br/>
                    A collection of works (e.g. a periodical) is a work as well as its members.<br/>
                    A work is a product of an intellectual process of which we have only indirect evidence (e.g. its expression, work order, etc.).
                </label>
            </div>
            <div>
                <input type="radio" id="Expression" name="frbr_type" value="http://vocab.org/frbr/core.html#term-Expression"/>
                <label id="Expression_label" for="Expression">Instances categorized as belonging to the FRBR class <strong>Expression</strong> are intellectual or artistic
                    realisations of works in the form of identifiable immaterial objects. Expressions cannot exist
                    without a physical carrier, but do not depend on any single carrier. They can exist on any number of carriers simultaneously.<br/>
                    Potential carriers of an expression also include human memory.<br/>
                    Any change in form might create a new expression (e.g. alpha-numeric notation to spoken word) and it might require
                    knowing the genre to identify features which are essential to the expression (e.g. typeface and page layout).<br/>
                    A collection of expressions (e.g. an anthology of poems) is a an expression as well as the members of the collection themselves.
                </label>
            </div>
            <div>
                <input type="radio" id="Manifestation" name="frbr_type" value="http://vocab.org/frbr/core.html#term-Manifestation"/>
                <label id="Manifestation_label" for="Manifestation">Instances categorized as belonging to the FRBR class <strong>Manifestation</strong> represent all
                    items that have been created as part of a series (e.g. an edition of a book). The item must be identifiable as a copy belonging
                    to a manifestation, but does not need to exhibit all the features or traits of the manifestation (e.g. due to production events).<br/>
                    Physical objects (e.g. a manuscript or draft) not intended to be produced in multiple copies are still considered to be manifestations.
                </label>
            </div>
            <div>
                <input type="radio" id="Item" name="frbr_type" value="http://vocab.org/frbr/core.html#term-Item"/>
                <label id="Item_label" for="Item">Instances categorized as belonging to the FRBR class <strong>Item</strong> are physical copies - exemplars of a single manifestation.</label>
            </div>
            </div>
        </form>
    </body>
</html>
