<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!--
Copyright (C) 2019 David Fuchs

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
--><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>DBpedia annotator</title>
        <meta content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" name="viewport"/>
        <meta content="David Fuchs" name="author"/>
        <link href="annotator.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
        <script src="annotator_reduced.js"/>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1 class="left">DBpedia annotator</h1>
        <p class="left">
            When you are ready to start annotating DBpedia resources,
            feel free to continue back to the <a href="/">application page</a>.
        </p>
        <ul class="right">
            <li><a href="annotation_example_1">example 1</a> - Expression</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_2">example 2</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_3">example 3</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_4">example 4</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_5">example 5</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_6">example 6</a> - Expression</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_7">example 7</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_8">example 8</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_9">example 9</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_10">example 10</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_11">example 11</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_12">example 12</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_13">example 13</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_14">example 14</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_15">example 15</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_16">example 16</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_17">example 17</a> - Expression</li>
        </ul>
        <table id="data">
            <caption><strong>You are currently annotating resource:</strong> dbr:The_Baluch<br/>
                Example of <strong>http://vocab.org/frbr/core.html#term-Work</strong></caption>
            <thead><tr><th>DBpedia predicate</th><th>DBpedia object</th></tr></thead>
            <tbody><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>The Baluch is a composition by Iranian composer Mehdi Hosseini for six instruments, written in 2009. It is in three movements and inspired by Persian folk music. It is one of the first works of Hosseini's total minimalism work. It was premiered on 11 June 2009 at the Saint Petersburg House of Composers. This performance was given by selected soloists from the St. Petersburg State Conservatory and the St. Petersburg Philharmonic Orchestra, and was conducted by Brad Cawyer, an American conductor based in Saint Petersburg. There are three movements: 1.  
* Liku Dalgani 2.  
* Kalampour 3.  
* Zoljalal-Guati</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageExternalLink</td><td>http://www.tehrantimes.com/index_View.asp?code=196271</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageExternalLink</td><td>http://epoch-archive.com/a1/en/us/was/2009/06-Jun/11/B2_EET20090611-DCUS.pdf</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageExternalLink</td><td>http://payvand.com/news/09/oct/1231.html</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageID</td><td>25498806</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageRevisionID</td><td>744930824</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Minimalism</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:2009_compositions</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Compositions_by_Mehdi_Hosseini</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Saint_Petersburg</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Minimalistic_compositions</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:United_States</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:21st-century_classical_music</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Iran</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Musical_conductor</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Persian_folk_music</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:St._Petersburg_State_Conservatory</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Composer</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:St._Petersburg_Philharmonic_Orchestra</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Mehdi_Hosseini</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Minimalistic_compositions</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:21st-century_classical_music</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:2009_compositions</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Compositions_by_Mehdi_Hosseini</td></tr><tr><td>http://purl.org/linguistics/gold/hypernym</td><td>dbr:Composition</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://schema.org/CreativeWork</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>dbo:ClassicalMusicComposition</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>dbo:Work</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>owl:Thing</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>dbo:MusicalWork</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>The Baluch is a composition by Iranian composer Mehdi Hosseini for six instruments, written in 2009. It is in three movements and inspired by Persian folk music. It is one of the first works of Hosseini's total minimalism work. It was premiered on 11 June 2009 at the Saint Petersburg House of Composers. This performance was given by selected soloists from the St. Petersburg State Conservatory and the St. Petersburg Philharmonic Orchestra, and was conducted by Brad Cawyer, an American conductor based in Saint Petersburg. There are three movements:</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>The Baluch</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.09rvmz9</td></tr><tr><td>http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#wasDerivedFrom</td><td>http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Baluch?oldid=744930824</td></tr><tr><td>foaf:isPrimaryTopicOf</td><td>http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Baluch</td></tr></tbody>
        </table>
    </body>
</html>