<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!--
Copyright (C) 2019 David Fuchs

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
--><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>DBpedia annotator</title>
        <meta content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" name="viewport"/>
        <meta content="David Fuchs" name="author"/>
        <link href="annotator.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
        <script src="annotator_reduced.js"/>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1 class="left">DBpedia annotator</h1>
        <p class="left">
            When you are ready to start annotating DBpedia resources,
            feel free to continue back to the <a href="/">application page</a>.
        </p>
        <ul class="right">
            <li><a href="annotation_example_1">example 1</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_2">example 2</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_3">example 3</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_4">example 4</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_5">example 5</a> - Expression</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_6">example 6</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_7">example 7</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_8">example 8</a> - Expression</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_9">example 9</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_10">example 10</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_11">example 11</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_12">example 12</a> - Expression</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_13">example 13</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_14">example 14</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_15">example 15</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_16">example 16</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_17">example 17</a> - Manifestation</li>
        </ul>
        <table id="data">
            <caption><strong>You are currently annotating resource:</strong> http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Music_Makers_(Elgar)<br/>
                Example of: <strong>http://vocab.org/frbr/core.html#term-Work</strong></caption>
            <thead><tr><th>DBpedia predicate</th><th>DBpedia object</th></tr></thead>
            <tbody><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>The Music Makers, Op. 69, est une œuvre pour contralto ou mezzo-soprano, chœurs et orchestre composé par Edward Elgar. Cette pièce est dédiée à « my friend Nicholas Kilburn ». Elle est créée lors du Festival de Birmingham le 1 octobre 1912, dirigée par le compositeur avec comme soliste Muriel Foster (en). Le texte est une ode de 1874 d'Arthur O'Shaughnessy qu'Elgar met entièrement en musique. Elgar travaille sur ce morceau par intermittence depuis 1903, sans commande particulière.</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>The Music Makers, Op. 69, is a work for contralto or mezzo-soprano, chorus and orchestra composed by Edward Elgar. It was dedicated to "my friend Nicholas Kilburn". It was first performed at the Birmingham Festival on 1 October 1912, conducted by the composer, with Muriel Foster as the soloist. The text of the work is the 1874 poem Ode by Arthur O'Shaughnessy, which Elgar set in its entirety. He had been working on the music intermittently since 1903, without a specific commission.</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>『ミュージック・メイカーズ』（The Music Makers）作品69は、エドワード・エルガーが作曲したコントラルトまたはメゾソプラノと合唱、管弦楽のための作品。「我が友ニコラス・キルバーン」へ献呈された。初演は1912年10月1日に作曲者自身の指揮、マリエル・フォスターの独唱により、バーミンガム・トリエンナーレ音楽祭で行われた。 テクストはアーサー・オショーネシーの『Ode』（1874年）から採られており、曲には詩の全文が用いられている。作曲は委嘱を受ける以前の1903年から断続的に行われていた。</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageID</td><td>1804805</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageRevisionID</td><td>744184834</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Edward_Elgar</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Ein_Heldenleben</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Choir</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Janet_Baker</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Enigma_Variations</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Compositions_by_Edward_Elgar</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:La_Marseillaise</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choralwiki:The_Music_Makers,_Op._69_(Edward_Elgar)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Mezzo-soprano</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Muriel_Foster</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_O'Shaughnessy</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:1912_compositions</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:London_Philharmonic_Orchestra</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Sea_Pictures</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:The_Hallé</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:London_Philharmonic_Choir</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphony_No._2_(Elgar)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Jean_Rigby</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:BBC_Symphony_Orchestra</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violin_Concerto_(Elgar)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rule,_Britannia!</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:The_Dream_of_Gerontius</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Musical_quotation</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Davis_(conductor)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Birmingham_Triennial_Music_Festival</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Choral_compositions</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphony_No._1_(Elgar)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Richard_Strauss</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Choral_Public_Domain_Library</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Three_Choirs_Festival</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ode_(poem)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Contralto</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Orchestra</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Adrian_Boult</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Mark_Elder</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:class</td><td>composition</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:cname</td><td>The Music Makers</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:first</td><td>Wayne</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:id</td><td>mc0002367358</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:label</td><td>The Music Makers</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:last</td><td>Reisig</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:work</td><td>The_Music_Makers,_Op.69_</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Compositions_by_Edward_Elgar</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Choral_compositions</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:1912_compositions</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>The Music Makers, Op. 69, est une œuvre pour contralto ou mezzo-soprano, chœurs et orchestre composé par Edward Elgar. Cette pièce est dédiée à « my friend Nicholas Kilburn ». Elle est créée lors du Festival de Birmingham le 1 octobre 1912, dirigée par le compositeur avec comme soliste Muriel Foster (en). Le texte est une ode de 1874 d'Arthur O'Shaughnessy qu'Elgar met entièrement en musique. Elgar travaille sur ce morceau par intermittence depuis 1903, sans commande particulière.</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>The Music Makers, Op. 69, is a work for contralto or mezzo-soprano, chorus and orchestra composed by Edward Elgar. It was dedicated to "my friend Nicholas Kilburn". It was first performed at the Birmingham Festival on 1 October 1912, conducted by the composer, with Muriel Foster as the soloist. The text of the work is the 1874 poem Ode by Arthur O'Shaughnessy, which Elgar set in its entirety. He had been working on the music intermittently since 1903, without a specific commission.</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>『ミュージック・メイカーズ』（The Music Makers）作品69は、エドワード・エルガーが作曲したコントラルトまたはメゾソプラノと合唱、管弦楽のための作品。「我が友ニコラス・キルバーン」へ献呈された。初演は1912年10月1日に作曲者自身の指揮、マリエル・フォスターの独唱により、バーミンガム・トリエンナーレ音楽祭で行われた。 テクストはアーサー・オショーネシーの『Ode』（1874年）から採られており、曲には詩の全文が用いられている。作曲は委嘱を受ける以前の1903年から断続的に行われていた。</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>ミュージック・メイカーズ (エルガー)</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>The Music Makers</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>The Music Makers (Elgar)</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05ybj8</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://fr.dbpedia.org/resource/The_Music_Makers</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://ja.dbpedia.org/resource/ミュージック・メイカーズ_(エルガー)</td></tr><tr><td>http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#wasDerivedFrom</td><td>http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Music_Makers_(Elgar)?oldid=744184834</td></tr><tr><td>foaf:isPrimaryTopicOf</td><td>http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Music_Makers_(Elgar)</td></tr></tbody>
        </table>
    </body>
</html>