<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!--
Copyright (C) 2019 David Fuchs

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
--><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>DBpedia annotator</title>
        <meta content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" name="viewport"/>
        <meta content="David Fuchs" name="author"/>
        <link href="annotator.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
        <script src="annotator_reduced.js"/>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1 class="left">DBpedia annotator</h1>
        <p class="left">
            When you are ready to start annotating DBpedia resources,
            feel free to continue back to the <a href="/">application page</a>.
        </p>
        <ul class="right">
            <li><a href="annotation_example_1">example 1</a> - Expression</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_2">example 2</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_3">example 3</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_4">example 4</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_5">example 5</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_6">example 6</a> - Expression</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_7">example 7</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_8">example 8</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_9">example 9</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_10">example 10</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_11">example 11</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_12">example 12</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_13">example 13</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_14">example 14</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_15">example 15</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_16">example 16</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_17">example 17</a> - Expression</li>
        </ul>
        <table id="data">
            <caption><strong>You are currently annotating resource:</strong> http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Loser<br/>
                Example of: <strong>http://vocab.org/frbr/core.html#term-Expression</strong></caption>
            <thead><tr><th>DBpedia predicate</th><th>DBpedia object</th></tr></thead>
            <tbody><tr><td>http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work/runtime</td><td>2.5166666666666666</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:aSide</td><td>"Rock and Roll Music"</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>I'm a Loser è un brano dei Beatles, contenuto nell'album Beatles for Sale del 1964. È stata scritta prevalentemente da John Lennon ed accreditata al duo Lennon/McCartney.</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>I'm a Loser Pistes de Beatles for Sale No Reply Baby's in Black I'm a Loser est une chanson des Beatles composée par John Lennon et créditée Lennon/McCartney. Il s'agit de la première chanson véritablement personnelle de Lennon, inspiré par Bob Dylan. Enregistrée en août 1964, elle paraît sur l'album Beatles for Sale (Beatles '65 aux États-Unis). Cette première incursion du groupe dans le registre folk a fait l'objet de quelques reprises. Il s'agit également de la dernière composition des Beatles dans laquelle apparaît un harmonica.</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>I’m a Loser is een nummer van The Beatles. Het staat op het album Beatles for Sale uit 1964. In het volgende jaar werd het opgenomen op het Amerikaanse album Beatles ’65. Het nummer is geschreven door John Lennon, maar staat, zoals gebruikelijk, op naam van Lennon-McCartney. Er is nog overwogen het nummer op single uit te brengen, maar de eerstvolgende Beatlessingle werd I Feel Fine. De muziekcriticus Richie Unterberger schreef in 2009 dat I'm a Loser een van de eerste Beatlesnummers is die over meer gaan dan alleen maar jeugdige liefde. Het lied gaat over afgewezen worden in de liefde, maar ook over de noodzaak om je groot te houden als je hele wereld in elkaar stort en het negatieve zelfbeeld dat je daaraan overhoudt.</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>"I'm a Loser" é uma canção composta por John Lennon e creditada a Lennon/McCartney. Foi gravada pela banda britânica The Beatles e lançada no álbum Beatles for Sale, de 1964.</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>I’m a Loser (engl. ‚Ich bin ein Verlierer‘) ist ein Lied der britischen Band The Beatles aus dem Jahr 1964. Komponiert wurde es von John Lennon, es steht jedoch unter dem bei der Band üblichen Copyright Lennon/McCartney.</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>"I'm a Loser" es una canción de The Beatles lanzada originalmente en el álbum Beatles for Sale. Estaba previsto que saliera como un sencillo en el Reino Unido hasta que John Lennon escribiera "I Feel Fine". En la primera edición de Beatles for Sale, la canción fue erróneamente impresa como "I'm a Losser". Esta canción ofreció la particularidad de que fue la última en que Lennon da un uso prominente a la armónica, instrumento que caracterizó varias de sus primeras composiciones con la banda (después la usó más esporádicamente en canciones como "All Together Now", "Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite!" y "Rocky Racoon").</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>"I'm a Loser" is a song by the Beatles, originally released on Beatles for Sale in the United Kingdom, later released on Beatles '65 in the United States. Written by John Lennon, (though credited to Lennon–McCartney), it was considered for release as a single until Lennon wrote "I Feel Fine". According to music critic Richie Unterberger, while the lyrics tell a story of romantic rejection, "I'm a Loser" is one of the first Beatles compositions that "goes beyond young love," including "the hypocrisy of keeping up a happy face when your world's falling down".</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>«I’m a Loser» (рус. Я — неудачник) — песня группы «Битлз», вошедшая в четвёртый британский альбом группы Beatles for Sale и в американский альбом Beatles '65. Песня была написана Джоном Ленноном, авторство приписано Ленонну и Маккартни. До того, как Леннон написал композицию «I Feel Fine», песню «I’m a Loser» намеревались выпустить в виде сингла. Согласно музыкальному критику Ричи Антербергеру, несмотря на то, что текст песни повествует об отказе в романтических отношениях, данная песня является одной из первых композиций «Битлз», которая «выходит за рамки юношеской любви», включая «притворное счастливое лицо в то время, когда рушится весь твой мир».</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>「アイム・ア・ルーザー」 （"I'm A Loser"）はイギリスのロックバンド、ビートルズの楽曲である。</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:album</td><td>dbr:Beatles_for_Sale</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:genre</td><td>dbr:Country_music</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:genre</td><td>dbr:Folk_rock</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:musicalArtist</td><td>dbr:The_Beatles</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:musicalBand</td><td>dbr:The_Beatles</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:producer</td><td>dbr:George_Martin</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:recordDate</td><td>1964-08-14</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:recordLabel</td><td>dbr:EMI</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:recordLabel</td><td>dbr:Capitol_Records</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:recordLabel</td><td>dbr:Parlophone</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:recordedIn</td><td>dbr:Abbey_Road</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:releaseDate</td><td>1964-12-04</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:runtime</td><td>151.0</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageExternalLink</td><td>http://www.beatlesbible.com/songs/im-a-loser/</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageExternalLink</td><td>http://www.icce.rug.nl/~soundscapes/DATABASES/AWP/ial.shtml</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageExternalLink</td><td>http://www.norwegianwood.org/beatles/disko/uklp/sale.htm</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageID</td><td>2254732</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageRevisionID</td><td>742707797</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eels_(band)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Lead_guitar</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Alan_W._Pollack</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:EMI</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Songs_published_by_Northern_Songs</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Buck_Owens</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Moonlight_(song)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Lost_Dogs</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Tambourine</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Song_recordings_produced_by_George_Martin</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatles_'65</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Martin's_Press</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Rock_and_Roll_Music</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:The_Beatles</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianne_Faithfull_(album)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:George_Jones</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Bass_guitar</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Leave_My_Kitten_Alone</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Acoustic_guitar</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Harmonica</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:The_Buckinghams</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:George_Martin</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Shaun_Micallef</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Allmusic</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Capitol_Records</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Rhythm_guitar</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:George_Harrison</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Happiness_Is_a_Warm_Gun</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Marianne_Faithfull</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Red_Riding_Hood_(album)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:I_Feel_Fine</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennon–McCartney</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Abbey_Road</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Richie_Unterberger</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Vince_Guaraldi</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Eels_(band)_songs</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Live_at_El_Matador</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Harmony_vocal</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:The_Beatles_songs</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Bob_Dylan</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:The_Punkles</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Country_music</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Ringo_Starr</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Songs_written_by_Lennon–McCartney</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Carl_Giammarese</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Parlophone</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Beatles_for_Sale</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Ian_MacDonald</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Lead_vocals</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_a_Woman</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beck_(musician)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Folk_rock</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Sum_41</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Bola_Sete</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Doug_Kershaw</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Dennis_Tufano</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Drum_kit</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:John_Lennon</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Paul_McCartney</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Henry_Holt_and_Company</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:writer</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennon–McCartney</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:align</td><td>left</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:cover</td><td>I'm_a_Loser.jpg</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:quote</td><td>Looking back on it I think songs like 'I'm a Loser' and 'Nowhere Man' were John's cries for help. We used to listen to quite a lot of country and western songs and they are all about sadness and 'I lost my truck' so it was quite acceptable to sing 'I'm a loser' ... It's only later you think, God! I think it was brave of John.</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:source</td><td>Paul McCartney</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:trackNo</td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:width</td><td>21</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:wordnet_type</td><td>http://www.w3.org/2006/03/wn/wn20/instances/synset-song-noun-1</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Songs_published_by_Northern_Songs</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:The_Beatles_songs</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Eels_(band)_songs</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Songs_written_by_Lennon–McCartney</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Song_recordings_produced_by_George_Martin</td></tr><tr><td>http://purl.org/linguistics/gold/hypernym</td><td>dbr:Song</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Song107048000</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSongsPublishedByNorthernSongs</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Music107020895</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>dbo:Work</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatEels(band)Songs</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>dbo:MusicalWork</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1964Songs</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Signal106791372</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://umbel.org/umbel/rc/MusicalComposition</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Recording104063661</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSongRecordingsProducedByGeorgeMartin</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheBeatlesSongs</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>owl:Thing</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://schema.org/CreativeWork</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/MusicalComposition107037465</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>dbo:Single</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AuditoryCommunication107109019</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Abstraction100002137</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://umbel.org/umbel/rc/MusicalComposition_Song</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Communication100033020</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>I'm a Loser Pistes de Beatles for Sale No Reply Baby's in Black I'm a Loser est une chanson des Beatles composée par John Lennon et créditée Lennon/McCartney. Il s'agit de la première chanson véritablement personnelle de Lennon, inspiré par Bob Dylan. Enregistrée en août 1964, elle paraît sur l'album Beatles for Sale (Beatles '65 aux États-Unis). Cette première incursion du groupe dans le registre folk a fait l'objet de quelques reprises. Il s'agit également de la dernière composition des Beatles dans laquelle apparaît un harmonica.</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>「アイム・ア・ルーザー」 （"I'm A Loser"）はイギリスのロックバンド、ビートルズの楽曲である。</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>I’m a Loser (engl. ‚Ich bin ein Verlierer‘) ist ein Lied der britischen Band The Beatles aus dem Jahr 1964. Komponiert wurde es von John Lennon, es steht jedoch unter dem bei der Band üblichen Copyright Lennon/McCartney.</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>«I’m a Loser» (рус. Я — неудачник) — песня группы «Битлз», вошедшая в четвёртый британский альбом группы Beatles for Sale и в американский альбом Beatles '65. Песня была написана Джоном Ленноном, авторство приписано Ленонну и Маккартни. До того, как Леннон написал композицию «I Feel Fine», песню «I’m a Loser» намеревались выпустить в виде сингла.</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>"I'm a Loser" é uma canção composta por John Lennon e creditada a Lennon/McCartney. Foi gravada pela banda britânica The Beatles e lançada no álbum Beatles for Sale, de 1964.</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>I’m a Loser is een nummer van The Beatles. Het staat op het album Beatles for Sale uit 1964. In het volgende jaar werd het opgenomen op het Amerikaanse album Beatles ’65. Het nummer is geschreven door John Lennon, maar staat, zoals gebruikelijk, op naam van Lennon-McCartney. Er is nog overwogen het nummer op single uit te brengen, maar de eerstvolgende Beatlessingle werd I Feel Fine.</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>"I'm a Loser" is a song by the Beatles, originally released on Beatles for Sale in the United Kingdom, later released on Beatles '65 in the United States. Written by John Lennon, (though credited to Lennon–McCartney), it was considered for release as a single until Lennon wrote "I Feel Fine". According to music critic Richie Unterberger, while the lyrics tell a story of romantic rejection, "I'm a Loser" is one of the first Beatles compositions that "goes beyond young love," including "the hypocrisy of keeping up a happy face when your world's falling down".</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>I'm a Loser è un brano dei Beatles, contenuto nell'album Beatles for Sale del 1964. È stata scritta prevalentemente da John Lennon ed accreditata al duo Lennon/McCartney.</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>"I'm a Loser" es una canción de The Beatles lanzada originalmente en el álbum Beatles for Sale. Estaba previsto que saliera como un sencillo en el Reino Unido hasta que John Lennon escribiera "I Feel Fine". En la primera edición de Beatles for Sale, la canción fue erróneamente impresa como "I'm a Losser".</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>アイム・ア・ルーザー</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>I’m a Loser</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>I’m a Loser</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>I'm a Loser</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>I'm a Loser</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>I'm a Loser</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>I'm a Loser</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>I'm a Loser</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>I'm a Loser</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Loser</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://it.dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Loser</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://fr.dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Loser</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/I'm_a_Loser</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/I’m_a_Loser</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://pt.dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Loser</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://ja.dbpedia.org/resource/アイム・ア・ルーザー</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.06zkym</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://nl.dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Loser</td></tr><tr><td>http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#wasDerivedFrom</td><td>http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/I'm_a_Loser?oldid=742707797</td></tr><tr><td>foaf:isPrimaryTopicOf</td><td>http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/I'm_a_Loser</td></tr><tr><td>foaf:name</td><td>I'm a Loser</td></tr></tbody>
        </table>
    </body>
</html>