<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!--
Copyright (C) 2019 David Fuchs

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
--><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>DBpedia annotator</title>
        <meta content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" name="viewport"/>
        <meta content="David Fuchs" name="author"/>
        <link href="annotator.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
        <script src="annotator_reduced.js"/>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1 class="left">DBpedia annotator</h1>
        <p class="left">
            When you are ready to start annotating DBpedia resources,
            feel free to continue back to the <a href="/">application page</a>.
        </p>
        <ul class="right">
            <li><a href="annotation_example_1">example 1</a> - Expression</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_2">example 2</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_3">example 3</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_4">example 4</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_5">example 5</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_6">example 6</a> - Expression</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_7">example 7</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_8">example 8</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_9">example 9</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_10">example 10</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_11">example 11</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_12">example 12</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_13">example 13</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_14">example 14</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_15">example 15</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_16">example 16</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_17">example 17</a> - Expression</li>
        </ul>
        <table id="data">
            <caption><strong>You are currently annotating resource:</strong> dbr:Twelfth_Street_Rag<br/>
                Example of: <strong>http://vocab.org/frbr/core.html#term-Work</strong></caption>
            <thead><tr><th>DBpedia predicate</th><th>DBpedia object</th></tr></thead>
            <tbody><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>12番街のラグ Twelfth Street Rag（じゅうにばんがいのラグ）は1914年にユーディ・L・ボウマン（Euday L. Bowman）が作曲したラグタイム曲。曲名はボウマンが出演していたカンザスシティの盛り場「12番街」から採られている。ラグタイム時代にとりわけ有名なベスト・セラーとなった曲である。ルイ・アームストロングからレスター・ヤングまで、多くの様々なアーティスト達が録音してきていて、現在もディキシーランド・ジャズのスタンダード・ナンバーとなっている。 ピー・ウィー・ハント（Pee Wee Hunt）のピアノ録音はビルボードの1948年のナンバー・ワン・シングルとなり、300万枚を超す売り上げとなった。これはCapitol Records 15015として同年の3月に売り出されたものである。 作曲者ユーディ・L・ボウマン自身もこの曲を録音して Bowman 11748 として出版した。 この曲の楽式は、「イントロ A A1 イントロ2 A2」である。 この曲は「ジョー・フランクリン・ショー」（the Joe Franklin Show）のテーマ曲として最もよく知られている。 1919年のチャーリー・チャップリンによる短編映画『一日の行楽』では、乗船中のシーンで、アフリカ系アメリカ人のバンドがこの曲のポピュラー・ラグのバージョンを演奏しているのを聴くことができる。 さらに最近では、テレビ・シリーズ『スポンジ・ボブ/スクエアパンツ』のバックグラウンド・ミュージックで、ウクレレのバージョンがよく用いられている。</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>"Twelfth Street Rag" is a ragtime musical composition published by Euday L. Bowman in 1914. Years earlier, a friend of Bowman's known only as "Raggedy Ed" declared his intention to open a pawn shop on 12th Street while the two were walking along it. Bowman is rumored to have said "If you get rich on those three balls, I'll write a piece on three notes to make myself rich." The result was "The 12th Street Rag," one of the most famous and best-selling rags of the ragtime era. It was more than 15 years after Bowman composed the song before he actually wrote the music down in manuscript form. He returned to Texas briefly and tried to sell the piece to a company in Dallas; but he only had an offer of ten dollars for it and was told it really wasn't worth publishing. Returning to Kansas City, he sold it to Jenkins Music Company in 1913. The Jenkins company felt Bowman's arrangement was too difficult, however, and hired C. E. Wheeler to simplify it. With a big advertising push, "12th Street Rag" began to sell better. In 1919, James S. Sumner added lyrics. The song was popular with early Kansas City bands and became a huge hit after Bennie Moten recorded it for RCA Victor in 1927, the same year that Louis Armstrong and His Hot Seven recorded it. It has since become an enduring jazz standard.</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>Twelfth Street Rag (Ragtime Dwunastej Ulicy) – ragtime skomponowany w r. 1914 przez Euday L. Bowmana, Teksańczyka pracującego w Nowym Jorku. Utwór wykonywało wielu artystów, m.in. Louis Armstrong i Lester Young. Kompozytor sprzedał prawa do utworu firmie Jenkins Music Company za sto dolarów w r. 1948, długo po tym, jak utwór stał się wielkim przebojem.</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:thumbnail</td><td>http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/12thStreetRag1915.jpg?width=300</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageExternalLink</td><td>http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=waQt1SztQWQ</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageExternalLink</td><td>http://laurel.lso.missouri.edu/record=b5199034~S3</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageID</td><td>11824973</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageRevisionID</td><td>738108206</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Pee_Wee_Hunt</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Louis_Armstrong_and_His_Hot_Seven</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Best_Sellers_in_Stores</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:List_of_pre-1920_jazz_standards</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Bennie_Moten</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Okeh_Records</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billboard_(magazine)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Euday_L._Bowman</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/File:Twelfth_Street_Rag.ogg</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:1914_compositions</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Donald_Peers</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:EMI</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Big_Tiny_Little</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Solo_piano_pieces</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:1910s_jazz_standards</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Buttons_and_Bows</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Master's_Voice</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/File:12thStreetRag1915.jpg</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_English_Patient_(film)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Rags</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Ukulele</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Call_Everybody_Darlin'</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Al_Trace</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:A_Tree_in_the_Meadow</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_number-one_hits_(United_States)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bandmaster_(1930_cartoon)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Dinah_Shore</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Brunswick_Records</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Background_music</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Ragtime</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:SpongeBob_SquarePants</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Krazy_Kat</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Margaret_Whiting</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Joe_Franklin</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:after</td><td>"Buttons and Bows" by Dinah Shore</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:after</td><td>"A Tree in the Meadow" by Margaret Whiting</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:before</td><td>"A Tree in the Meadow" by Margaret Whiting</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:before</td><td>"You Call Everybody Darlin'" by Al Trace</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:title</td><td>U.S. Billboard Best Sellers in Stores number-one single</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:years</td><td>--08-28</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:years</td><td>--10-23</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Solo_piano_pieces</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Rags</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:1910s_jazz_standards</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:1914_compositions</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatJazzStandards</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Abstraction100002137</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>dbo:MusicalWork</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Music107020895</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>owl:Thing</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1910sJazzStandards</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://schema.org/CreativeWork</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Communication100033020</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Song107048000</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>dbo:Song</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Standard107260623</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/MusicalComposition107037465</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://schema.org/MusicRecording</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/SystemOfMeasurement113577171</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Measure100033615</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>dbo:Work</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AuditoryCommunication107109019</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>Twelfth Street Rag (Ragtime Dwunastej Ulicy) – ragtime skomponowany w r. 1914 przez Euday L. Bowmana, Teksańczyka pracującego w Nowym Jorku. Utwór wykonywało wielu artystów, m.in. Louis Armstrong i Lester Young. Kompozytor sprzedał prawa do utworu firmie Jenkins Music Company za sto dolarów w r. 1948, długo po tym, jak utwór stał się wielkim przebojem.</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>12番街のラグ Twelfth Street Rag（じゅうにばんがいのラグ）は1914年にユーディ・L・ボウマン（Euday L. Bowman）が作曲したラグタイム曲。曲名はボウマンが出演していたカンザスシティの盛り場「12番街」から採られている。ラグタイム時代にとりわけ有名なベスト・セラーとなった曲である。ルイ・アームストロングからレスター・ヤングまで、多くの様々なアーティスト達が録音してきていて、現在もディキシーランド・ジャズのスタンダード・ナンバーとなっている。 ピー・ウィー・ハント（Pee Wee Hunt）のピアノ録音はビルボードの1948年のナンバー・ワン・シングルとなり、300万枚を超す売り上げとなった。これはCapitol Records 15015として同年の3月に売り出されたものである。 作曲者ユーディ・L・ボウマン自身もこの曲を録音して Bowman 11748 として出版した。 この曲の楽式は、「イントロ A A1 イントロ2 A2」である。 この曲は「ジョー・フランクリン・ショー」（the Joe Franklin Show）のテーマ曲として最もよく知られている。 1919年のチャーリー・チャップリンによる短編映画『一日の行楽』では、乗船中のシーンで、アフリカ系アメリカ人のバンドがこの曲のポピュラー・ラグのバージョンを演奏しているのを聴くことができる。</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>"Twelfth Street Rag" is a ragtime musical composition published by Euday L. Bowman in 1914. Years earlier, a friend of Bowman's known only as "Raggedy Ed" declared his intention to open a pawn shop on 12th Street while the two were walking along it. Bowman is rumored to have said "If you get rich on those three balls, I'll write a piece on three notes to make myself rich." The result was "The 12th Street Rag," one of the most famous and best-selling rags of the ragtime era.</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>Twelfth Street Rag</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>Twelfth Street Rag</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>12番街のラグ</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://ja.dbpedia.org/resource/12番街のラグ</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/Twelfth_Street_Rag</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://pl.dbpedia.org/resource/Twelfth_Street_Rag</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.02rtrwp</td></tr><tr><td>http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#wasDerivedFrom</td><td>http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twelfth_Street_Rag?oldid=738108206</td></tr><tr><td>foaf:depiction</td><td>http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/12thStreetRag1915.jpg</td></tr><tr><td>foaf:isPrimaryTopicOf</td><td>http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twelfth_Street_Rag</td></tr></tbody>
        </table>
    </body>
</html>