<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!--
Copyright (C) 2019 David Fuchs

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
--><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>DBpedia annotator</title>
        <meta content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" name="viewport"/>
        <meta content="David Fuchs" name="author"/>
        <link href="annotator.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
        <script src="annotator_reduced.js"/>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1 class="left">DBpedia annotator</h1>
        <p class="left">
            When you are ready to start annotating DBpedia resources,
            feel free to continue back to the <a href="/">application page</a>.
        </p>
        <ul class="right">
            <li><a href="annotation_example_1">example 1</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_2">example 2</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_3">example 3</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_4">example 4</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_5">example 5</a> - Expression</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_6">example 6</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_7">example 7</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_8">example 8</a> - Expression</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_9">example 9</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_10">example 10</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_11">example 11</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_12">example 12</a> - Expression</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_13">example 13</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_14">example 14</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_15">example 15</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_16">example 16</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_17">example 17</a> - Manifestation</li>
        </ul>
        <table id="data">
            <caption><strong>You are currently annotating resource:</strong> dbr:Ymarxa<br/>
                Example of: <strong>http://vocab.org/frbr/core.html#term-Work</strong></caption>
            <thead><tr><th>DBpedia predicate</th><th>DBpedia object</th></tr></thead>
            <tbody><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>Ymarxa is an orchestral piece of classical music by the Spanish composer and pianist Gustavo Díaz-Jerez. Ymarxa is a guanche word meaning 'new', 'brilliant', 'splendid'. It also referred to a place in Tenerife in what today is La Esperanza forest. Together with Ayssuragan, Aranfaybo, Azaenegue, Tinaguache, Chigaday, and Erbane, Ymarxa is part of a cycle of seven orchestral works inspired in different places of each of the Canary Islands. Ymarxa was commissioned by the XXVII Festival de Música de Canarias and given its first performance on February 12, 2011 at the Alfredo Kraus Auditorium in Gran Canaria by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra under maestro Charles Dutoit. It was well received by audience and critics alike. Ymarxa is a one-movement work lasting about 20 minutes, merging elements from spectralism and algorithmic procedures.</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>Ymarxa es una obra orquestal de música clásica del compositor y pianista español Gustavo Díaz Jerez. Ymarxa es una palabra guanche que significa 'nuevo', 'brillante', 'espléndido'. También se refiere a un lugar de Tenerife en lo que hoy es el bosque de La Esperanza. Ymarxa fue encargada por el XXVII Festival de Música de Canarias y fue estrenada el 12 de febrero de 2011 en el Auditorio Alfredo Kraus en Gran Canaria por la Royal Philharmonic Orchestra con el maestro Charles Dutoit. Fue bien recibida por el público y la crítica. Ymarxa se desarrolla en un solo movimiento de unos 20 minutos de duración. Fusiona elementos del espectralismo y la música algorítmica.</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageExternalLink</td><td>http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6U3EYmAmeo</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageID</td><td>31350103</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageRevisionID</td><td>726310922</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Guanche_language</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Spain</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Tenerife</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Chigaday</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Charles_Dutoit</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Erbane</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Aranfaybo</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Tinaguache</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Gustavo_Díaz-Jerez</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Pianist</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Contemporary_classical_compositions</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Ayssuragan</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Azaenegue</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Gran_Canaria</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Algorithmic_music</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Royal_Philharmonic_Orchestra</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Spectral_music</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Tenerife</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:European_classical_music</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Composer</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Contemporary_classical_compositions</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Tenerife</td></tr><tr><td>http://purl.org/linguistics/gold/hypernym</td><td>dbr:Piece</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>dbo:MusicalWork</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>Ymarxa es una obra orquestal de música clásica del compositor y pianista español Gustavo Díaz Jerez. Ymarxa es una palabra guanche que significa 'nuevo', 'brillante', 'espléndido'. También se refiere a un lugar de Tenerife en lo que hoy es el bosque de La Esperanza. Ymarxa fue encargada por el XXVII Festival de Música de Canarias y fue estrenada el 12 de febrero de 2011 en el Auditorio Alfredo Kraus en Gran Canaria por la Royal Philharmonic Orchestra con el maestro Charles Dutoit. Fue bien recibida por el público y la crítica. Ymarxa se desarrolla en un solo movimiento de unos 20 minutos de duración. Fusiona elementos del espectralismo y la música algorítmica.</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>Ymarxa is an orchestral piece of classical music by the Spanish composer and pianist Gustavo Díaz-Jerez. Ymarxa is a guanche word meaning 'new', 'brilliant', 'splendid'. It also referred to a place in Tenerife in what today is La Esperanza forest. Together with Ayssuragan, Aranfaybo, Azaenegue, Tinaguache, Chigaday, and Erbane, Ymarxa is part of a cycle of seven orchestral works inspired in different places of each of the Canary Islands. Ymarxa was commissioned by the XXVII Festival de Música de Canarias and given its first performance on February 12, 2011 at the Alfredo Kraus Auditorium in Gran Canaria by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra under maestro Charles Dutoit. It was well received by audience and critics alike. Ymarxa is a one-movement work lasting about 20 minutes, merging element</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>Ymarxa</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>Ymarxa</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0gkxd4w</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/Ymarxa</td></tr><tr><td>http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#wasDerivedFrom</td><td>http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ymarxa?oldid=726310922</td></tr><tr><td>foaf:isPrimaryTopicOf</td><td>http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ymarxa</td></tr></tbody>
        </table>
    </body>
</html>