<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!--
Copyright (C) 2019 David Fuchs

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
--><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>DBpedia annotator</title>
        <meta content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" name="viewport"/>
        <meta content="David Fuchs" name="author"/>
        <link href="annotator.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
        <script src="annotator_reduced.js"/>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1 class="left">DBpedia annotator</h1>
        <p class="left">
            When you are ready to start annotating DBpedia resources,
            feel free to continue back to the <a href="/">application page</a>.
        </p>
        <ul class="right">
            <li><a href="annotation_example_1">example 1</a> - Expression</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_2">example 2</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_3">example 3</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_4">example 4</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_5">example 5</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_6">example 6</a> - Expression</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_7">example 7</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_8">example 8</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_9">example 9</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_10">example 10</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_11">example 11</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_12">example 12</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_13">example 13</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_14">example 14</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_15">example 15</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_16">example 16</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_17">example 17</a> - Expression</li>
        </ul>
        <table id="data">
            <caption><strong>You are currently annotating resource:</strong> http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho_(Muse_song)<br/>
                Example of: <strong>http://vocab.org/frbr/core.html#term-Manifestation</strong></caption>
            <thead><tr><th>DBpedia predicate</th><th>DBpedia object</th></tr></thead>
            <tbody><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>"Psycho" is a song by the English rock band Muse from their seventh studio album Drones, released on 12 March 2015 as a promotional single. It was later featured as the B-side to the official lead single later that month, "Dead Inside".</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>Psycho est la troisième piste de l'album Drones de Muse parue le 12 mars 2015. Il s'agit du premier extrait dévoilé de l'album mais n'est pas un single à part entière. La date de la première diffusion est annoncée la veille sur le site officiel du groupe lors de l'annonce de l'album. Le morceau est offert au moment de la précommande de l'album le 12 mars 2015 à 19 h 30 (GMT). Il sort dans les bacs en disque physique en tant que face B du single Dead Inside, le 12 mai 2015. Il s'agit du premier single physique depuis 2010.</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>"Psycho" é uma canção da banda britânica de rock Muse, que esta no seu sétimo álbum intitulado Drones. Foi liberado pela primeira vez em 12 de março de 2015 como o primeiro single promocional do disco. Mais tarde ele foi lançado como um b-side da música "Dead Inside".</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>Psycho is een nummer van de Britse rockband Muse, afkomstig van hun zevende studioalbum Drones. Het nummer werd op 12 maart 2015 uitgebracht als promotiesingle en verscheen later als b-kant van de single Dead Inside. De basisriff van het nummer werd voor het eerst gespeeld in 1999 en was ook te horen op de HAARP-concertregistratie. Volgens zanger en gitarist Matthew Bellamy is het nummer te aanstootgevend om op de radio te worden gedraaid. Het Nederlandse radiostation NPO 3FM riep het nummer op 20 maart 2015 uit tot 3FM Megahit.</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>Psycho è un singolo promozionale del gruppo musicale britannico Muse, estratto dal settimo album in studio Drones e pubblicato il 12 marzo 2015.</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:album</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drones_(Muse_album)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:artist</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muse_(band)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:genre</td><td>dbr:Hard_rock</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:genre</td><td>dbr:Glam_rock</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:producer</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muse_(band)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:producer</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_John_%22Mutt%22_Lange</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:recordLabel</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helium_3_(record_label)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:recordLabel</td><td>dbr:Warner_Bros._Records</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:releaseDate</td><td>2015-03-12</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:subsequentWork</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercy_(Muse_song)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:trackNumber</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:type</td><td>dbr:Promotional_single</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageID</td><td>45657779</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageRevisionID</td><td>735775813</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Muse_(band)_songs</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Matthew_Bellamy</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Official_Charts_Company</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:NME</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Warner_Bros._Records</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Music_video</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Narrative</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muse_(band)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Promotional_single</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drones_(Muse_album)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:A-side_and_B-side</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Inside_(song)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:The_Warehouse_Studio</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Anti-war_songs</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Instagram</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Song_recordings_produced_by_Robert_John_%22Mutt%22_Lange</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Dubstep</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Songs_written_by_Matthew_Bellamy</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Twitter</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Vancouver</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Music_download</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:CD_single</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audio_mixing_(recorded_music)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:British_Columbia</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Kate_Hudson</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:YouTube</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_John_%22Mutt%22_Lange</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Rock_music</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/HAARP_(album)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Mind_control</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billboard_(magazine)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Hard_rock</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Glam_rock</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercy_(Muse_song)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:The_2nd_Law</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:2015_songs</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helium_3_(record_label)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:writer</td><td>dbr:Matthew_Bellamy</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:aSide</td><td>"Dead Inside"</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:cover</td><td>Psycho - Muse.jpg</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:format</td><td>dbr:CD_single</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:format</td><td>dbr:Music_download</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:headline</td><td>CD single</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:length</td><td>328.0</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:length</td><td>263.0</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:nextNo</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:prev</td><td>"[Drill Sergeant]"</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:prevNo</td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:title</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Inside_(song)</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:title</td><td>Psycho</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:2015_songs</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Muse_(band)_songs</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Songs_written_by_Matthew_Bellamy</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Song_recordings_produced_by_Robert_John_%22Mutt%22_Lange</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Anti-war_songs</td></tr><tr><td>http://purl.org/linguistics/gold/hypernym</td><td>dbr:Song</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://schema.org/MusicRecording</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>dbo:Song</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>dbo:Work</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>dbo:Single</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>dbo:MusicalWork</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://schema.org/CreativeWork</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>owl:Thing</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>Psycho est la troisième piste de l'album Drones de Muse parue le 12 mars 2015. Il s'agit du premier extrait dévoilé de l'album mais n'est pas un single à part entière. La date de la première diffusion est annoncée la veille sur le site officiel du groupe lors de l'annonce de l'album. Le morceau est offert au moment de la précommande de l'album le 12 mars 2015 à 19 h 30 (GMT). Il sort dans les bacs en disque physique en tant que face B du single Dead Inside, le 12 mai 2015. Il s'agit du premier single physique depuis 2010.</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>Psycho è un singolo promozionale del gruppo musicale britannico Muse, estratto dal settimo album in studio Drones e pubblicato il 12 marzo 2015.</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>Psycho is een nummer van de Britse rockband Muse, afkomstig van hun zevende studioalbum Drones. Het nummer werd op 12 maart 2015 uitgebracht als promotiesingle en verscheen later als b-kant van de single Dead Inside. De basisriff van het nummer werd voor het eerst gespeeld in 1999 en was ook te horen op de HAARP-concertregistratie. Volgens zanger en gitarist Matthew Bellamy is het nummer te aanstootgevend om op de radio te worden gedraaid. Het Nederlandse radiostation NPO 3FM riep het nummer op 20 maart 2015 uit tot 3FM Megahit.</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>"Psycho" é uma canção da banda britânica de rock Muse, que esta no seu sétimo álbum intitulado Drones. Foi liberado pela primeira vez em 12 de março de 2015 como o primeiro single promocional do disco. Mais tarde ele foi lançado como um b-side da música "Dead Inside".</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>"Psycho" is a song by the English rock band Muse from their seventh studio album Drones, released on 12 March 2015 as a promotional single. It was later featured as the B-side to the official lead single later that month, "Dead Inside".</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>Psycho (chanson de Muse)</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>Psycho (Muse)</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>Psycho (Muse)</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>Psycho (canção de Muse)</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>Psycho (Muse song)</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://nl.dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho_(Muse)</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://id.dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho_(lagu_Muse)</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0130rpmt</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://it.dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho_(Muse)</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://fr.dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho_(chanson_de_Muse)</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://pt.dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho_(canção_de_Muse)</td></tr><tr><td>http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#wasDerivedFrom</td><td>http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psycho_(Muse_song)?oldid=735775813</td></tr><tr><td>foaf:isPrimaryTopicOf</td><td>http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psycho_(Muse_song)</td></tr><tr><td>foaf:name</td><td>Psycho</td></tr></tbody>
        </table>
    </body>
</html>