<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!--
Copyright (C) 2019 David Fuchs

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
--><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>DBpedia annotator</title>
        <meta content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" name="viewport"/>
        <meta content="David Fuchs" name="author"/>
        <link href="annotator.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
        <script src="annotator_reduced.js"/>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1 class="left">DBpedia annotator</h1>
        <p class="left">
            When you are ready to start annotating DBpedia resources,
            feel free to continue back to the <a href="/">application page</a>.
        </p>
        <ul class="right">
            <li><a href="annotation_example_1">example 1</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_2">example 2</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_3">example 3</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_4">example 4</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_5">example 5</a> - Expression</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_6">example 6</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_7">example 7</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_8">example 8</a> - Expression</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_9">example 9</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_10">example 10</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_11">example 11</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_12">example 12</a> - Expression</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_13">example 13</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_14">example 14</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_15">example 15</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_16">example 16</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_17">example 17</a> - Manifestation</li>
        </ul>
        <table id="data">
            <caption><strong>You are currently annotating resource:</strong> dbr:You_Never_Give_Me_Your_Money<br/>
                Example of: <strong>http://vocab.org/frbr/core.html#term-Manifestation</strong></caption>
            <thead><tr><th>DBpedia predicate</th><th>DBpedia object</th></tr></thead>
            <tbody><tr><td>http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work/runtime</td><td>4.033333333333333</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>„You Never Give Me Your Money” – utwór autorstwa Paula McCartneya, nagrany przez brytyjską grupę The Beatles. Piosenka znalazła się na albumie Abbey Road, wydanym w 1969 roku. Utwór rozpoczyna 16. minutowe zestawienie utworów nazwane „Abbey Road Medley”.</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>You Never Give Me Your Money è un brano dei Beatles, scritto soprattutto da Paul McCartney ma accreditato, per convenzione, alla coppia Lennon-McCartney. Compare nell'LP Abbey Road, ed è posta all'inizio del long medley, che caratterizza la seconda facciata dell'album.</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>"You Never Give Me Your Money" is a song by the Beatles, appearing on their 1969 album Abbey Road. It was written by Paul McCartney (though credited to Lennon–McCartney) and documented the financial and personal difficulties facing the band. The track is the first track of the medley on side two of Abbey Road and was recorded in stages between May and August 1969. The song was the first one to be recorded for the medley, which was conceived by McCartney and producer George Martin as a finale for the Beatles' career. The backing track was recorded at Olympic Sound Studios in Barnes, London, but the remainder of overdubs occurred at Abbey Road Studios. Musically, the song is made up of a suite of various segments, ranging from a piano ballad at the beginning through to guitar arpeggios at the end.</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>ユー・ネヴァー・ギヴ・ミー・ユア・マネー(You Never Give Me Your Money)は、1969年に発表されたビートルズのアルバム『アビイ・ロード』に収録されたポール・マッカートニー作の曲でここから同アルバムのB面の特徴であるメドレーに入る。</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>"You Never Give Me Your Money" es una canción de The Beatles que abre el medley culminante en el lado B del álbum Abbey Road. Fue escrita por Paul McCartney aunque atribuida como Lennon/McCartney. McCartney se inspiró al escribir esta canción en los problemas económicos que transitaba la corporación de The Beatles, Apple Corps.</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>《You Never Give Me Your Money》是由英國搖滾樂團披頭四成員保羅·麥卡尼創作、收錄於專輯《艾比路》的1969年歌曲。（作品上是以藍儂-麥卡尼「Lennon–McCartney」的名義發表）</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>You Never Give me Your Money é uma canção dos Beatles composta por Paul McCartney, creditada a dupla Lennon-McCartney, e lançada no álbum Abbey Road de 1969. A gravação teve início no dia 6 de maio de 1969, e concluída em 21 de agosto de 1969. A canção dura 4 min e 2 s.</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>You Never Give Me Your Money est une chanson du groupe britannique les Beatles. Elle a été écrite par Paul McCartney, mais créditée Lennon/McCartney. Elle apparaît sur l’album Abbey Road sorti en 1969. Elle ouvre le fameux medley sur la face B du 33 tours original.</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>«You Never Give Me Your Money» (рус. Ты никогда не даёшь мне свои деньги) — песня группы «Битлз», открывающая кульминационное попурри на второй стороне альбома Abbey Road. Песня была написана Полом Маккартни (авторство приписано Леннону и Маккартни) и является своеобразной сатирой на финансовые пререкания внутри группы в начале 1969 года.</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:album</td><td>dbr:Abbey_Road</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:artist</td><td>dbr:The_Beatles</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:genre</td><td>dbr:Rock_music</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:producer</td><td>dbr:George_Martin</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:recordDate</td><td>1969-05-06</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:recordDate</td><td>0005-07-31</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:recordLabel</td><td>dbr:Apple_Records</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:recordedIn</td><td>dbr:Olympic_Sound_Studios</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:recordedIn</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnes,_London</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:releaseDate</td><td>1969-09-26</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:runtime</td><td>242.0</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:trackNumber</td><td>9</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageExternalLink</td><td>http://www.icce.rug.nl/~soundscapes/DATABASES/AWP/yngmym.shtml</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageID</td><td>2244659</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageRevisionID</td><td>745074265</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Songs_published_by_Northern_Songs</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Tape_loop</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Nine_Below_Zero</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Abbey_Road</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Nursery_rhyme</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony/ATV_Music_Publishing</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Overdub</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Rock_music</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossfade_(audio_engineering)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Singing</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Honky-tonk</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Backing_vocalist</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Boogie-woogie</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_You_(She's_So_Heavy)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:John_Lennon</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Abbey_Road_Studios</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:1969_songs</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Keith_West</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Tape_loops</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:The_Beatles_songs</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Guitar</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Wind_chime</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Jam_session</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Glenn_Tilbrook</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Northern_Songs</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnes,_London</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:George_Harrison</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Fender_Telecaster</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Songs_written_by_Lennon–McCartney</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Lead_vocalist</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Drum_kit</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Piano</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Bass_guitar</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Be_(album)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Allen_Klein</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Here_Comes_the_Sun</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Apple_Records</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Continuum_International_Publishing_Group</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:George_Martin</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Tambourine</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Leslie_speaker</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Epiphone_Casino</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Happiness_Is_a_Warm_Gun</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Brian_Epstein</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Olympic_Sound_Studios</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mojo_(magazine)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:The_Beatles</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennon–McCartney</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Ringo_Starr</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Paul_McCartney</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatles_(album)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_King_(song)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Arpeggio</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Linda_McCartney</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Song_recordings_produced_by_George_Martin</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Excerpt_from_A_Teenage_Opera</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:writer</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennon–McCartney</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:wordnet_type</td><td>http://www.w3.org/2006/03/wn/wn20/instances/synset-song-noun-1</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:1969_songs</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Songs_published_by_Northern_Songs</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:The_Beatles_songs</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Songs_written_by_Lennon–McCartney</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Song_recordings_produced_by_George_Martin</td></tr><tr><td>http://purl.org/linguistics/gold/hypernym</td><td>dbr:Song</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSongsPublishedByNorthernSongs</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>dbo:MusicalWork</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/MusicalComposition107037465</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://schema.org/CreativeWork</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Wikicat1969Songs</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Recording104063661</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Music107020895</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://schema.org/MusicRecording</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>dbo:Single</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Song107048000</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatTheBeatlesSongs</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Signal106791372</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Communication100033020</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://umbel.org/umbel/rc/MusicalComposition_Song</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>dbo:Work</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>owl:Thing</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AuditoryCommunication107109019</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>dbo:Song</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatSongRecordingsProducedByGeorgeMartin</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Abstraction100002137</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>«You Never Give Me Your Money» (рус. Ты никогда не даёшь мне свои деньги) — песня группы «Битлз», открывающая кульминационное попурри на второй стороне альбома Abbey Road. Песня была написана Полом Маккартни (авторство приписано Леннону и Маккартни) и является своеобразной сатирой на финансовые пререкания внутри группы в начале 1969 года.</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>"You Never Give Me Your Money" is a song by the Beatles, appearing on their 1969 album Abbey Road. It was written by Paul McCartney (though credited to Lennon–McCartney) and documented the financial and personal difficulties facing the band. The track is the first track of the medley on side two of Abbey Road and was recorded in stages between May and August 1969.</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>You Never Give Me Your Money est une chanson du groupe britannique les Beatles. Elle a été écrite par Paul McCartney, mais créditée Lennon/McCartney. Elle apparaît sur l’album Abbey Road sorti en 1969. Elle ouvre le fameux medley sur la face B du 33 tours original.</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>ユー・ネヴァー・ギヴ・ミー・ユア・マネー(You Never Give Me Your Money)は、1969年に発表されたビートルズのアルバム『アビイ・ロード』に収録されたポール・マッカートニー作の曲でここから同アルバムのB面の特徴であるメドレーに入る。</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>You Never Give Me Your Money è un brano dei Beatles, scritto soprattutto da Paul McCartney ma accreditato, per convenzione, alla coppia Lennon-McCartney. Compare nell'LP Abbey Road, ed è posta all'inizio del long medley, che caratterizza la seconda facciata dell'album.</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>《You Never Give Me Your Money》是由英國搖滾樂團披頭四成員保羅·麥卡尼創作、收錄於專輯《艾比路》的1969年歌曲。（作品上是以藍儂-麥卡尼「Lennon–McCartney」的名義發表）</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>„You Never Give Me Your Money” – utwór autorstwa Paula McCartneya, nagrany przez brytyjską grupę The Beatles. Piosenka znalazła się na albumie Abbey Road, wydanym w 1969 roku. Utwór rozpoczyna 16. minutowe zestawienie utworów nazwane „Abbey Road Medley”.</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>"You Never Give Me Your Money" es una canción de The Beatles que abre el medley culminante en el lado B del álbum Abbey Road. Fue escrita por Paul McCartney aunque atribuida como Lennon/McCartney. McCartney se inspiró al escribir esta canción en los problemas económicos que transitaba la corporación de The Beatles, Apple Corps.</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>You Never Give me Your Money é uma canção dos Beatles composta por Paul McCartney, creditada a dupla Lennon-McCartney, e lançada no álbum Abbey Road de 1969. A gravação teve início no dia 6 de maio de 1969, e concluída em 21 de agosto de 1969. A canção dura 4 min e 2 s.</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>You Never Give Me Your Money</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>You Never Give Me Your Money</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>You Never Give Me Your Money</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>You Never Give Me Your Money</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>You Never Give Me Your Money</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>You Never Give Me Your Money</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>You Never Give Me Your Money</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>You Never Give Me Your Money</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>ユー・ネヴァー・ギヴ・ミー・ユア・マネー</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://es.dbpedia.org/resource/You_Never_Give_Me_Your_Money</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://ja.dbpedia.org/resource/ユー・ネヴァー・ギヴ・ミー・ユア・マネー</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.06ytfd</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://pl.dbpedia.org/resource/You_Never_Give_Me_Your_Money</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://ko.dbpedia.org/resource/You_Never_Give_Me_Your_Money</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://fr.dbpedia.org/resource/You_Never_Give_Me_Your_Money</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/You_Never_Give_Me_Your_Money</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://it.dbpedia.org/resource/You_Never_Give_Me_Your_Money</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://pt.dbpedia.org/resource/You_Never_Give_Me_Your_Money</td></tr><tr><td>http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#wasDerivedFrom</td><td>http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/You_Never_Give_Me_Your_Money?oldid=745074265</td></tr><tr><td>foaf:isPrimaryTopicOf</td><td>http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/You_Never_Give_Me_Your_Money</td></tr><tr><td>foaf:name</td><td>You Never Give Me Your Money</td></tr></tbody>
        </table>
    </body>
</html>