<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!--
Copyright (C) 2019 David Fuchs

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
--><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>DBpedia annotator</title>
        <meta content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" name="viewport"/>
        <meta content="David Fuchs" name="author"/>
        <link href="annotator.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
        <script src="annotator_reduced.js"/>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1 class="left">DBpedia annotator</h1>
        <p class="left">
            When you are ready to start annotating DBpedia resources,
            feel free to continue back to the <a href="/">application page</a>.
        </p>
        <ul class="right">
            <li><a href="annotation_example_1">example 1</a> - Expression</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_2">example 2</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_3">example 3</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_4">example 4</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_5">example 5</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_6">example 6</a> - Expression</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_7">example 7</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_8">example 8</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_9">example 9</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_10">example 10</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_11">example 11</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_12">example 12</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_13">example 13</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_14">example 14</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_15">example 15</a> - Manifestation</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_16">example 16</a> - Work</li>
            <li><a href="annotation_example_17">example 17</a> - Expression</li>
        </ul>
        <table id="data">
            <caption><strong>You are currently annotating resource:</strong> http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Consecration_of_the_House_(overture)<br/>
                Example of: <strong>http://vocab.org/frbr/core.html#term-Work</strong></caption>
            <thead><tr><th>DBpedia predicate</th><th>DBpedia object</th></tr></thead>
            <tbody><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>Ludwig van Beethovens Begleitmusik zu Die Weihe des Hauses ist eine Adaption seines früheren Werks Die Ruinen von Athen, op. 113. Anlässlich der Neueröffnung des Josefstädter Theaters in Wien am 3. Oktober 1822 passte Marinekriegskommissär Karl Meisl das Festspiel Die Ruinen von Athen von August von Kotzebue an. Es entstand Die Weihe des Hauses. Meisl änderte dabei den Text, sodass die bisherige Musik Beethovens nicht vollständig zum Text passte, und ergänzte den Text Wo sich die Pulse, für den Beethoven eine neue Komposition erarbeitete (WoO 98).An der übrigen Begleitmusik änderte Beethoven wenig, fügte aber einen Schlusschor mit Violinsolo und Ballett ein, überarbeitete einen Marsch (op. 114) undschrieb die neue Ouvertüre (op. 124), da die ursprüngliche Ouvertüre als Nachstück nicht angemessen war. Es war das erste Werk Beethovens, nachdem er seine Studien von J. S. Bach und Georg Friedrich Händel abgeschlossen hatte, und ist daher stark von diesen beeinflusst. Beethoven widmete die Ouvertüre dem Fürsten Nikolaus von Galitzin.</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>The Consecration of the House (or Die Weihe des Hauses), Op. 124, is a work by Ludwig van Beethoven composed in September 1822. It was commissioned by Carl Friedrich Hensler, the Director of Vienna's new Theater in der Josefstadt, and was first performed at the theatre's opening on October 3, 1822. It was the first work Beethoven wrote after his revival of studying the works of J. S. Bach and Handel, and bears their influence. Previously, in 1811, Beethoven had written The Ruins of Athens (Die Ruinen von Athen), Op. 113, incidental music for August von Kotzebue's play of the same name, for the dedication of a new theatre in Pest. This same work was to be performed again in 1822 for the new theatre in Vienna. However, Carl Meisl, the commissioner of the Royal Imperial Navy, changed the texts of numbers 1, 6, 7, and 8 of Beethoven's work. Beethoven was not pleased with the revision, and felt that the new text did not fit the music. Meisl also introduced a section, Wo sich die Pulse, for which Beethoven wrote new music (WoO 98). Beethoven wrote a completely new overture for the work, altered some of the musical numbers, and added others, including a final chorus with violin solo and ballet. This new overture is known as the The Consecration of the House Overture. (The extra incidental pieces constitute the entire work.)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>A Consagração da Casa (em alemão: Die Weihe des Hauses) é uma obra musical escrita por Ludwig van Beethoven em 1822 para a inauguração do Theater in der Josefstadt em Viena, que ocorreu em 3 de outubro do mesmo ano. Relatos de Anton Felix Schindler - um dos primeiros biógrafos de Beethoven - descrevem um passeio, no qual Beethoven parou para escrever dois temas para a abertura. "Ele explicou que estava planejando desenvolver um deles livremente e o outro no estilo formal de Händel […] há muito tempo ele acalentava a ideia de escrever uma abertura especificamente no estilo de Handel". Na composição como conhecemos hoje não pode ser observado o desenvolvimento livre de tema, mas nota-se a presença de elementos handelianos. A obra foi composta como se fosse um grande prelúdio e fuga. Inicia-se com uma ampla e nobre melodia de marcha, tocada inicialmente pelas madeiras com acompanhamento de pizzicato e contrabaixo suave. A segunda seção é marcada pela entrada dos trompetes com bastante brilho, acompanhados pelo moto perpetuo dos fagotes executado em semicolcheias. A última seção é um fugato que acaba encaminhando ao alegro principal. A Consagração da Casa é considerada como a melhor dentre as últimas aberturas de Beethoven e mostra como poderiam ser os oratórios e concertos que ele pretendia escrever ao estilo de Händel.</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>Die Weihe des HausesDie Weihe des Hauses op. 124 (La Consécration de la maison ou L’Inauguration de la maison en français) est une ouverture en ut majeur de Ludwig van Beethoven composée en septembre 1822 pour répondre à une commande du directeur du théâtre de la Josefstadt qui allait inaugurer son théâtre. Composée dans la période particulière qui séparait la composition de la Missa Solemnis de celle de la Symphonie no  9, La Consécration de la maison est la dernière ouverture écrite par Beethoven. Le compositeur la voulait « dans le style strict de Haendel », mais il reconnut quelque temps plus tard ne pas avoir atteint pleinement son objectif, si ce n’est dans la majestueuse introduction. L’ouverture fut créée le 3 octobre 1822 et rejouée au concert du 7 mai 1824 où furent créées la Missa Solemnis et la Symphonie no  9. Elle reste assez rarement jouée de nos jours.</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:abstract</td><td>献堂式序曲（Ouvertüre „Die Weihe des Hauses“）作品124は、ルートヴィヒ・ヴァン・ベートーヴェンが作曲した序曲である。ベートーヴェンが、純粋管弦楽のために作曲した最後の作品にあたり、1820年代に書かれた唯一の序曲でもある。また祝典劇の『献堂式』も解説する。</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageExternalLink</td><td>http://www.answers.com/topic/die-weihe-des-hauses-consecration-of-the-house-overture-for-orchestra-op-124</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageExternalLink</td><td>http://www.musicwithease.com/consecration-house.html</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageID</td><td>4842760</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageRevisionID</td><td>744179660</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Johann_Sebastian_Bach</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Anton_Schindler</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Ludwig_van_Beethoven</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Theater_in_der_Josefstadt</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:George_Frideric_Handel</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Joseph_Haydn</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Counterpoint</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:August_von_Kotzebue</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:1822_compositions</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:The_Ruins_of_Athens</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Incidental_music</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Overtures</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Vienna</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modulation_(music)</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>dbr:Fugue</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Compositions_by_Ludwig_van_Beethoven</td></tr><tr><td>dbo:wikiPageWikiLink</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pest,_Hungary</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:cname</td><td>The Consecration of the House Overture</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:cname</td><td>Wo sich die Pulse</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:work</td><td>Die Weihe des Hauses, Op.124</td></tr><tr><td>dbp:work</td><td>Wo sich die Pulse, WoO 98</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Compositions_by_Ludwig_van_Beethoven</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:1822_compositions</td></tr><tr><td>dcterms:subject</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category:Overtures</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Music107020895</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Overture107040820</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/WikicatOvertures</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Communication100033020</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/Abstraction100002137</td></tr><tr><td>rdf:type</td><td>http://dbpedia.org/class/yago/AuditoryCommunication107109019</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>The Consecration of the House (or Die Weihe des Hauses), Op. 124, is a work by Ludwig van Beethoven composed in September 1822. It was commissioned by Carl Friedrich Hensler, the Director of Vienna's new Theater in der Josefstadt, and was first performed at the theatre's opening on October 3, 1822. It was the first work Beethoven wrote after his revival of studying the works of J. S. Bach and Handel, and bears their influence.</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>Die Weihe des HausesDie Weihe des Hauses op. 124 (La Consécration de la maison ou L’Inauguration de la maison en français) est une ouverture en ut majeur de Ludwig van Beethoven composée en septembre 1822 pour répondre à une commande du directeur du théâtre de la Josefstadt qui allait inaugurer son théâtre. L’ouverture fut créée le 3 octobre 1822 et rejouée au concert du 7 mai 1824 où furent créées la Missa Solemnis et la Symphonie no  9. Elle reste assez rarement jouée de nos jours.</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>A Consagração da Casa (em alemão: Die Weihe des Hauses) é uma obra musical escrita por Ludwig van Beethoven em 1822 para a inauguração do Theater in der Josefstadt em Viena, que ocorreu em 3 de outubro do mesmo ano. A Consagração da Casa é considerada como a melhor dentre as últimas aberturas de Beethoven e mostra como poderiam ser os oratórios e concertos que ele pretendia escrever ao estilo de Händel.</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>Ludwig van Beethovens Begleitmusik zu Die Weihe des Hauses ist eine Adaption seines früheren Werks Die Ruinen von Athen, op. 113. Anlässlich der Neueröffnung des Josefstädter Theaters in Wien am 3. Oktober 1822 passte Marinekriegskommissär Karl Meisl das Festspiel Die Ruinen von Athen von August von Kotzebue an. Es entstand Die Weihe des Hauses. Meisl änderte dabei den Text, sodass die bisherige Musik Beethovens nicht vollständig zum Text passte, und ergänzte den Text Wo sich die Pulse, für den Beethoven eine neue Komposition erarbeitete (WoO 98).An der übrigen Begleitmusik änderte Beethoven wenig, fügte aber einen Schlusschor mit Violinsolo und Ballett ein, überarbeitete einen Marsch (op. 114) undschrieb die neue Ouvertüre (op. 124), da die ursprüngliche Ouvertüre als Nachstück nicht ange</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:comment</td><td>献堂式序曲（Ouvertüre „Die Weihe des Hauses“）作品124は、ルートヴィヒ・ヴァン・ベートーヴェンが作曲した序曲である。ベートーヴェンが、純粋管弦楽のために作曲した最後の作品にあたり、1820年代に書かれた唯一の序曲でもある。また祝典劇の『献堂式』も解説する。</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>A Consagração da Casa</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>The Consecration of the House (overture)</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>La Consécration de la maison</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>献堂式序曲</td></tr><tr><td>rdfs:label</td><td>Die Weihe des Hauses</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://de.dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Weihe_des_Hauses</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://yago-knowledge.org/resource/The_Consecration_of_the_House_(overture)</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0cqjbf</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://fr.dbpedia.org/resource/La_Consécration_de_la_maison</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://ja.dbpedia.org/resource/献堂式序曲</td></tr><tr><td>owl:sameAs</td><td>http://pt.dbpedia.org/resource/A_Consagração_da_Casa</td></tr><tr><td>http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#wasDerivedFrom</td><td>http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Consecration_of_the_House_(overture)?oldid=744179660</td></tr><tr><td>foaf:isPrimaryTopicOf</td><td>http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Consecration_of_the_House_(overture)</td></tr></tbody>
        </table>
    </body>
</html>