<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
Copyright (C) 2020 David Fuchs

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>DBpedia annotator | specification of FRBR entities</title>
        <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
        <meta content="David Fuchs" name="author"/>
        <link href="annotator.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Specification of FRBR entities</h1>
        <dl>
            <dt>Work</dt>
            <dd>
Instances categorized as belonging to the FRBR class Work are concepts
identified in artistic and intellectual expressions. The substance of a work is an idea.<br/>
A collection of works (e.g. a periodical) is a work as well as its members.<br/>
A work is a product of an intellectual process of which we have only indirect evidence (e.g. its expression, work order, etc.).
            </dd>
            <dt>Expression</dt>
            <dd>
Instances categorized as belonging to the FRBR class Expression are intellectual or artistic
realisations of works in the form of identifiable immaterial objects. Expressions cannot exist
without a physical carrier, but do not depend on any single carrier. They can exist on any number of carriers simultaneously.<br/>
Potential carriers of an expression also include human memory.<br/>
Any change in form might create a new expression (e.g. alpha-numeric notation to spoken word) and it might require
knowing the genre to identify features which are essential to the expression (e.g. typeface and page layout).<br/>
A collection of expressions (e.g. an anthology of poems) is a an expression as well as the members of the collection themselves.
            </dd>
            <dt>Manifestation</dt>
            <dd>
Instances categorized as belonging to the FRBR class Manifestation represent all
items that have been created as part of a series (e.g. an edition of a book). The item must be identifiable as a copy belonging
to a manifestation, but does not need to exhibit all the features or traits of the manifestation (e.g. due to production events).<br/>
Physical objects (e.g. a manuscript or draft) not intended to be produced in multiple copies are still considered to be manifestations.
            </dd>
            <dt>Item</dt>
            <dd>
Instances categorized as belonging to the FRBR class Item are physical copies - exemplars of a single manifestation.
            </dd>
        </dl>
    </body>
</html>
